1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

How does Google Trends determine interest

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

https://trends.google.com/


 
3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?

73 Dec 2024

100 Feb 2025 to Mar

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

Feb 1/2o24 to Nov 30 2024 and  Jan 31


4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?

highest 100 
lowest  79

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

Milkshake line is appearing lower

burger do not go below 79 while milkshake can be zero but the both can make it to a hundred 

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

The milkshake line changed because of the relationship between the two variables, being set up on a new scale

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger?

 the highest burger after adding breakup is 2. showing that they are adversely related.

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?

Milkshake is completely zero when breakup  is added (no correlation)

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article? 
 
search interest do no directly showed that more people at burger or milkshakes after a breakup.

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
 Alaska
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
 Alabama