1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?

most people start ensuring their technology is ready earlier. This shows that learners are generally motivated and proactive about being prepared    

2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved?

 A more helpful visualization would include a pie chart or a bar chart of common themes  for better readings and understanding.

3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these?

 Analyzing theme is tricky because the responses are open‑ended and it also vary per individual.

4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about finding trends or patterns in the answers provided?

Written responses are of different structure  and do not use similar phrasing, making it difficult, finding trends. Inconsistent grammar and capitalization also make pattern harder to see. we need to manually look through or use text editing to help analyze 

5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or question or the response options in a future survey? Next respond to the below questions:  

We can use multiple  choice system like ABCDE or Number like 1234 attributed  to a pre-text to make it better

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?

Many student uses jotters with pen and paper to take down nots instead of  typing.

7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about? Year Up United Data Analyst Training Academy Week 1 Lab Workbook
Page 14 of 55  

I will include reviewing notes or setting up my study materials a few minutes before class, as many classmates did

8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help in how you approach teaching this class?  

I will include some hard copies resources since many student like taking hand written nots. 

9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to
make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,
you may include both.

 
Its helpful because it encourages honest feedback. Students may freely express their challenges, such as needs.

Not helpful because it makes follow up difficult.

